Updates api/element/Element:QuerySelectorAll() example, fixes #35003 (#35006)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/element/queryselectorall/index.md

## Examples

> ### Using attribute selectors
> 
> For more information about attribute selectors, read the [CSS attribute selector](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Attribute_selectors) reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Getting all elements with a custom data value

This example uses the [attribute selector](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Attribute_selectors) to select multiple elements with a `data-name` data attribute that contains "funnel-chart-percent".
```
